moved material from retro-video-store repo (#1)
AdaGold/video-store-cli: README.md

# Video Store CLI

Once upon a time in ye olden days to watch a movie a person had to head down to their local video store and rent a video.  We are going to step into the shoes of this old timey retro video store owner and build for ourselves all of the tools that we need in order to run our successful corner video store. 

You have already built a [Video Store API](https://github.com/AdaGold/retro-video-store) for the backend in Part 1 of the project.

In keeping with our retro vibe, for this part of the project we will build a Command Line Interface (CLI) for the front end.

## Manual Tests

> We will be testing your CLI manually to see how it performs all of the required behaviors.  We recommend that you find a partner to "play-test" your CLI and put it through it's paces. 

Reviewer: I'm a little worried about how far we're going in the direction of ambiguity here. Namely, how that might create unhelpful anxiety for students and how that might cause Instructors to get a lot of repeated questions about what is and isn't expected.
I think if we want it to be this open-ended, I might prefer we just say something like "We're not going to review this very strictly, have fun with it! Use your creativity!"

Reviewer 2: Yeah, either tell them to go wild, or give them some user stories to complete.

Reviewer: I mean, this does have clear user stories to complete. My concern is just that there's no further explanation about how to handle edge cases within user stories and what edge cases to worry about

> ## Manual Tests
> 
> We will be testing your CLI manually to see how it performs all of the required behaviors.  We recommend that you find a partner to "play-test" your CLI and put it through it's paces. 

Author: ```suggestion
## Review

There are no tests for the CLI. Have fun with it! You use use the [user stories](ada-project-docs/part-2/user_stories.md) to guide its functionality. Instructors will review the CLI and provide feedback on how it addresses the user stories and user experience. We recommend that you find a partner to "play-test" your CLI and put it through its paces. 
```

## Timeline

> This project's submission deadline is Friday May 28th, 9:00PM.

Reviewer: As I mentioned in the other review, I'm in favor of taking this out until/unless we agree collectively that we want to start having deadlines in READMEs again.

Reviewer 3: I did not realize we didn't usually including dates in READMEs, but now that you mention it that makes sense, I think taking it out is a good plan :-).

Reviewer 2: To be fair it's a new thing this cohort.

Author: ```suggestion
```
